[Clang] Introduce `CXXTypeidExpr::hasNullCheck` (#95718)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

- Clang now requires a template argument list after a template keyword.
  (`CWG96: Syntactic disambiguation using the template keyword <https://cplusplus.github.io/CWG/issues/96.html>`_).

> - Clang no longer always reports ``!noexcept(typeid(expr))`` when the ``typeid`` cannot throw a ``std::bad_typeid``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Clang now considers ``noexcept(typeid(expr))`` more carefully, instead of always assuming that ``std::bad_typeid`` can be thrown.
```
